Dolphins make up games with winners and loosers. If a dolphin in a zoo is relocated, it teaches it's new friends games from the old zoo.
Elephants find humans cute.
Squirrels lose track of the majority of nuts they bury, inadvertantly planting new trees.
There are more muѕeums in America than MсDonald's and Starbucks combined.
Humans and dogs that trust each other secrete oxytocin in each other's presences, much like how a mother and child would do so, or any other two people that love each other deeply.
All humans are born with a desire to help. Studies have been done. If you, in the presence of a toddler, drop something and reach down for it, but pretend to be unable to get it, toddlers will pick it up and hand it to you. Irrespective of culture, skin color, social status.
If you fear eternity of non-existence after death, remember that you have already survived it once.
Otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't float away from each other.
Otters have a pocket where they keep their favourite rock.
Cows have best friends.
Sloths like plums enough to wake up from their naps to eat them.
When you celebrate a dogs birthday and give them cuddles, cake and so on, they don't know it's their birthday. They just think it's because you love them that much (which of course you do), so to them you're all just extra loving for no particular reason.
Penguins mate for life, and they propose by giving their prospective mate a pebble.
They match puppies and cheeta cubs at zoos. Cheetas are very skittish creatures, but share many body language traits with dogs. Seeing dogs act relaxed when for example a door gets opened helps them relax. Because they mature together they become best friends.
You are literaly the center of the observable universe.
Despite all the negative media happening we live in probably the most peaceful time in modern history. War is becoming a thing of the past.
You are the world to billions of tiny living creatures, so you are never truly alone.
You have the power to make changes in your life at any moment.
After astronauts go into space, they get the overview effect. This is when astronauts become extremely emotional after seeing the earth from space. Most people get an existential/philosophical crisis and have claimed to want to help the world.
That when you look at people and think, but don’t say, “hey they are pretty” or “hey that guy is cool” that without a doubt, someone has thought that about you.
After an Iraqi War vet retired from service, he flew to Germany to adopt his K9 partner and bring him home.
A group of ladybugs is called a loveliness.
The universe is infinite so matter how much you mess up, it doesn't matter.
That every day thousands of cats and dogs get adopted from shelters.
The giant panda is no longer endangered.
People blind from birth smile despite never having seen someone smile before.
Red pandas use their bushy tails as blankets to help keep warm.
Dogs have dreams.
Octopodes has 5 hearts.
Dogs sneeze while play fighting with humans to let us know it's a playful game.
Squirrels adopt baby squirrel orphans.
Bats fly with jazz hands.
Honeybee colony populations are on the rise.
Manatees are no longer endangered.
Male wolves will take in and raise abandoned wolf cubs they're not related to.
Cats don't have collarbones (in the same way that we do), which allows them to fit through any opening that is larger than their head.
Economics of renewables is crushing dirty power.
Cats headbutt you as a sign of affection.
Global poverty rates have been declining since 1990.
My life will end one day. This isn’t forever.
Crows and other corvids (like ravens) can recognize faces and will remember you if you're nice to them (i.e. feeding them) and if you do it enough and do it consistently they'll start bringing you presents.
In a cold, dark, violent universe, love evolved.
Some day, Donald Trump will not be president any longer.
Not one of your pertinent ancestors was squashed, devoured, drowned, starved, stranded, stuck fast, untimely wounded, or otherwise deflected from its life's quest of delivering a tiny charge of genetic material to the right partner at the right moment in order to perpetuate the only possible sequence of hereditary combinations that could result -- eventually, astoundingly, and all too briefly -- in you.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Hundreds of retired Japanese engineers volunteered to fix the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima power station so young people wouldn’t have to be subjected to the radiation.
The Netherlands sends Canada 20,000 tulip bulbs every year to thank them for their help during WWII.
Whales will bring their whale babies to visit their grandparent whales.
Sometimes when they're out gathering, bees will fall asleep in flowers.
Dogs have learned to understand laughter.
Dogs look at you when they poop because they're in a defenseless position thus trusting you to protect them if a dangerous situation occurs.
The number of public libraries in the US is far greater than the number of McDonald's.
Choctaw Native Americans raised $170 to send to Ireland in 1847 to help provide relief during the Irish famine. This was only 15 years after they lost their land and 50% of their population died on the Trail of Years.
J M Barrie gave all the rights to Peter Pan to Great Ormond Street Hospital, a hospital dedicated towards the intensive care for children, in 1929, and this was later confirmed when he died in 1937. Since then the hospital has received royalties every time a production of the play is put on, as well as from the sale of Peter Pan books and other products.
The man who voiced Mickey Mouse married the woman who voice Minnie Mouse.
Last time Liechtenstein went to war, they sent 80 soldiers to Italy to fight against Prussia. 81 came back, since none of the soldiers died and they brought an Italian "friend" with them.
Dolphins have names for each other.
